Federal Reserve stands firm on interest rates 
 The Federal Reserve left its main policy rate unchanged on Wednesday, but made a
technical nudge to one of the levers it uses to manage that rate, underscoring
that one of the central bank’s key challenges in 2020 will be its tools rather
than its policy stance.

After a two-day meeting in Washington, the members of the Fed’s Open Market
Committee left the federal funds rate at a range of 1.5 to 1.75 per cent. They
made only one change to their policy statement, describing growth in household
spending as “moderate,” rather than “strong,” as they had in December.

This continuity suggests that the committee still sees the economy as “in a good
place,” as chair Jay Powell often puts it, and that they have not changed their
plan to leave the policy rate where it is through the end of this year.

Even though it left the Fed’s main policy rate unchanged, the committee did
raise by 5 basis points the interest it pays banks on the reserves they hold on
the Fed’s balance sheet, to 1.6 per cent from 1.55 per cent. This “interest on
excess reserves,” or IOER, is one of a few short-term interest rates the Fed
uses as a tool to keep the fed funds rate within its target band.

“Setting the interest rate paid on required and excess reserve balances 10
points above the bottom of the target range for the federal funds rate is
intended to foster trading in the federal funds market at rates well within the
FOMC’s target range,” the committee said in its statement.

Markets shrugged off the first Fed meeting of 2020, with muted reaction across
both bonds and equities.

The yield on the benchmark 10-year note steadied at 1.6 per cent, while the more
policy-sensitive 2-year note saw its yield fall to 1.4 per cent. Yield moves
inversely to price. The S 500 held onto its earlier gains, rising 0.4 per
cent.

Traders are still pricing in one 25 basis point reduction in the Fed’s main
policy rate by September, according to futures prices compiled by Bloomberg.

A graphic with no description [https://www.ft.com/__origami/service/image/v2/images/raw/http%3A%2F%2Fcom.ft.imagepublish.upp-prod-us.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fd7fce88a-4171-11ea-bdb5-169ba7be433d?fit=scale-down=highest=next=700]
According to James Sweeney, chief investment officer for the Americas at Credit
Suisse, “the most likely scenario is that they do get to take the year off and
not make any rate changes”. 

But he warned that with the coronavirus outbreak posing “a substantial downside
risk” to Chinese growth and the global economy more broadly, the Fed could very
well provide additional accommodation. “Cuts are more likely than hikes,” Mr
Sweeney said.

In September, the federal funds rate had spiked briefly above the Fed’s target
band, helping to spur a series of quick shifts by the central bank — most
significantly a decision to expand its balance sheet. It bought Treasury bills
at a rate of $60bn a month, and in turn credited banks with reserves. This
raised the overall level of reserves available to financial markets, and eased
the pressure on short-term interest rates.

The Fed also lowered the rate of interest it paid on those reserves at a faster
rate than they normally would have for policy shifts, to further help drag the
policy rate down into its target band. Now, with that rate sometimes dipping
below IOER, the Fed is increasing the interest it pays, to drag the fed funds
rate back up toward the middle of that band.

The move indicates that the Fed’s decision to push reserves back into financial
systems is working. Policymakers have not committed to an overall reserve level,
saying only that they wished to return to where they were before the spike in
short-term interest rates, and that they would likely continue expanding the
balance sheet into the second quarter of this year. 

RECOMMENDED
News in Focus podcast15 min listenDoes the Fed have a communication problem?alt
[https://www.ft.com/__origami/service/image/v2/images/raw/http%3A%2F%2Fprod-upp-image-read.ft.com%2F6a255860-180f-11e9-9e64-d150b3105d21?source=next=scale-down=best=240]
In addition to responding to disruptions in short-term interest rates, the Fed
has spent the last year in a review of how it carries out and talks about
monetary policy. With policy rates already close to zero, the Fed is concerned
about the tools it will have to hand, should a recession come. In January, Janet
Yellen and Ben Bernanke, both former Fed chairs, warned that the central bank
might not be able to handle a downturn alone, and asked Congress to consider
responding with more spending. 

RECOMMENDED
AnalysisThe Big ReadUS economy: the Federal Reserve’s reality checkalt
[https://www.ft.com/__origami/service/image/v2/images/raw/http%3A%2F%2Fprod-upp-image-read.ft.com%2F445be64a-3617-11ea-ac3c-f68c10993b04?source=next=scale-down=best=240]
Normally, in January, the Fed would publish changes to its statement on its
longer-run goals and strategy. This year it has opted to postpone those changes
until it completes its review.

As is normal for the new year, the committee swapped in four new regional Fed
presidents as voting members. Analysts tend to describe Loretta Mester of the
Cleveland Fed and Patrick Harker of the Philadelphia Fed, both PhD economists,
as more hawkish. Robert Kaplan of Dallas is a moderate who has focused much of
his presidency on workforce training and automation. Neel Kashkari of the
Minneapolis Fed is one of the system’s most voluble doves.