TREASURIES- yields mixed as investors assess virus implications 
 * Death toll from new virus rises to 17, alarm spreads
    * BoC holds rates, opens door for further easing
    * U.S. 2-year, 10-year, 30-year yields fall to 2-week lows

 (Recasts, adds new analyst comment, updates prices)
    By Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss
    NEW YORK, Jan 22 (Reuters) - U.S. Treasury yields were
narrowly mixed on Wednesday, with market participants cautious
overall, as bond investors digested the economic implications of
a fatal new coronavirus from China.
    Worries about the latest virus outbreak in China evoked 
memories of another deadly virus, Severe Acute Respiratory
Syndrome (SARS) that killed nearly 800 people between 2002 and
2003.
    Deaths from China's new flu-like virus rose to 17 on
Wednesday with more than 540 cases confirmed, increasing fears
of contagion from an infection suspected to originate from
illegally traded wildlife.
    Beyond China, the United States reported one case, Thailand
has reported four cases and South Korea one. Japan has also
confirmed one case. All of those cases involved people who had
either come from or been in Wuhan recently.
    "It's not so much the virus directly. It's the virus taking
down growth in China and Asia, which should put downward
pressure on commodity prices," said Stan Shipley, fixed income
strategist at Evercore ISI in New York.
    "When commodity prices are down, that's bullish for
Treasuries. If Asia's growth is slowing and inflation in the
U.S. is down, then the Federal Reserve will not tighten at all,
but could well ease policy."
    Earlier in the session, U.S yields were also pressured after
the Bank of Canada held interest rates steady and opened the
door for possible easing amid an economic slowdown. That
rekindled worries about global growth.
    U.S. two-year, 10-year and 30-year yields hit fresh two-week
lows after the BoC headlines. Treasuries typically react little
to monetary policy news from its North American neighbor, but
have become more sensitive to global factors the last few
months.
    The BoC, which has been on the sidelines since October 2018,
maintained its key overnight interest rate at 1.75% as expected,
but said recent economic data had been mixed and noted
"unexpectedly soft" indicators of consumer confidence and
spending.
    "Going into this year, the belief was that global easing was
over and things were looking better for the entire world," said
Jim Vogel, senior rates strategist at FHN Financial in Memphis,
Tennessee. 
    "For Canada to sort of change its outlook fairly quickly
opens up the possibility that easing could occur elsewhere too,"
he added.
    In afternoon trading, U.S. 10-year yields were
little changed at 1.770%, from 1.769% late on Tuesday. Earlier
in the session, 10-year yields fell to two-week lows of 1.759%.
    Yields on U.S. 30-year bonds were at 2.218%,
down from 2.231% on Tuesday. Thirty-year yields also fell to
two-week troughs of 2.207%.
    On the short end of the curve, U.S. two-year yields fell to
two-week lows of 1.522% from Tuesday's 1.532%. They
were last at 1.526%.
    
      January 22 Wednesday 3:11PM New York/2011 GMT
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                               Price        Current   Net
                                            Yield %   Change
                                                      (bps)
 Three-month bills             1.5225       1.5539    -0.002
 Six-month bills               1.5225       1.5599    0.000
 Two-year note                 100-47/256   1.5283    -0.004
 Three-year note               99-234/256   1.5296    -0.002
 Five-year note                100-212/256  1.5749    0.002
 Seven-year note               100-104/256  1.6876    0.005
 10-year note                  99-208/256   1.7708    0.002
 30-year bond                  103-104/256  2.2181    -0.013
                                                      
   DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS                                
                               Last (bps)   Net       
                                            Change    
                                            (bps)     
 U.S. 2-year dollar swap         7.00        -0.25    
 spread                                               
 U.S. 3-year dollar swap         4.00        -0.25    
 spread                                               
 U.S. 5-year dollar swap         1.00        -0.50    
 spread                                               
 U.S. 10-year dollar swap       -4.75        -0.75    
 spread                                               
 U.S. 30-year dollar swap      -31.00        -0.25    
 spread                                               
 
 (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Editing by Nick Macfie
and Nick Zieminski)